WEBVTT

00:00:00.000 --> 00:00:04.500
<v Stuart>Alright, let's get started. Sign team, this is your Q3 product review. Raza and I have about ninety minutes blocked. Let's make it count.

00:00:04.800 --> 00:00:09.000
<v Raza>Before we dive in — can someone pull up the dashboard? I want to see live signing latency while we talk through the roadmap.

00:00:09.500 --> 00:00:13.200
<v Priya>Yeah, pulling it up now. Give me one second.

00:00:13.500 --> 00:00:18.000
<v Stuart>While that loads — Priya, do you want to kick us off with where the team is versus the Q3 commitments we made in June?

00:00:18.400 --> 00:00:26.000
<v Priya>Sure. So we committed to three things this quarter. Signing latency under two seconds at p99, support for Sigstore cosign workflows, and the key rotation automation. We're two for three.

00:00:26.300 --> 00:00:29.500
<v Stuart>Which one are we missing?

00:00:29.800 --> 00:00:38.000
<v Priya>Key rotation automation. We're about sixty percent done. The core rotation logic works, but we haven't wired up the audit trail or the rollback mechanism yet.

00:00:38.300 --> 00:00:43.000
<v Raza>Sixty percent with four weeks left in the quarter. What's the realistic call — do we ship it or slip it?

00:00:43.400 --> 00:00:52.000
<v Priya>Honestly? If nothing else breaks, we can ship the happy path. But the rollback story is not there, and I'm not comfortable calling something "key rotation automation" if a failed rotation leaves you in a broken state with no recovery.

00:00:52.300 --> 00:00:57.000
<v Stuart>I hear you on quality, but we have two enterprise customers who have been waiting on this specifically. What does slipping cost us?

00:00:57.400 --> 00:01:04.000
<v Priya>I understand the pressure. I'm not saying slip the whole thing. I'm saying we ship rotation without calling it GA. We label it beta, document the known gaps, and finish rollback in the first two weeks of Q4.

00:01:04.300 --> 00:01:09.000
<v Raza>That's a reasonable position. Stuart, does that work for the customer conversations?

00:01:09.300 --> 00:01:16.500
<v Stuart>It's not ideal. I need to go back to Meridian Financial and explain why the thing they were promised is shipping as beta. But I'd rather do that than ship something that corrupts their key state.

00:01:16.800 --> 00:01:21.000
<v Priya>Exactly. A botched rotation in a financial services environment is a very bad day for everyone.

00:01:21.300 --> 00:01:26.000
<v Raza>Agreed. Let's call that the plan. Beta label, Q4 week two for GA. Now — let's talk latency. We hit the two second p99?

00:01:26.400 --> 00:01:35.000
<v Dev>Yeah. We're at one point eight seconds p99 as of last week's release. The big win was moving the certificate fetch out of the signing hot path and into a pre-warmed cache. That alone dropped us by about six hundred milliseconds.

00:01:35.300 --> 00:01:40.000
<v Raza>Good work. What's the cache invalidation strategy? I don't want us hitting a thundering herd problem at cert renewal time.

00:01:40.400 --> 00:01:50.000
<v Dev>We stagger renewals across a fifteen minute window with jitter. Each instance re-fetches independently with a randomized offset. We tested this with a chaos run last sprint and didn't see any latency spike above two point one seconds.

00:01:50.300 --> 00:01:54.000
<v Raza>Okay. What's the tail — p999?

00:01:54.400 --> 00:02:02.000
<v Dev>Four point two seconds. There's a small percentage of requests that hit a cold HSM connection. We haven't solved that yet.

00:02:02.300 --> 00:02:08.000
<v Raza>Four seconds at p999 is going to show up in customer SLA conversations eventually. Is that on the roadmap for Q4?

00:02:08.400 --> 00:02:15.000
<v Priya>It's in the backlog but not committed. We'd need to prioritize it against the Sigstore work that Stuart's been pushing.

00:02:15.300 --> 00:02:22.000
<v Stuart>I'm pushing Sigstore because three of our pipeline integrations are blocked on it. What's the effort to fix the p999 issue?

00:02:22.400 --> 00:02:29.000
<v Dev>We think it's HSM connection pooling. Probably a two week spike to prototype, another sprint to harden. So call it six weeks end to end.

00:02:29.300 --> 00:02:35.000
<v Stuart>And Sigstore is how long?

00:02:35.400 --> 00:02:42.000
<v Priya>We shipped the basic cosign integration this week. What's left is the Rekor transparency log support and the policy enforcement layer. Probably four more sprints.

00:02:42.300 --> 00:02:48.000
<v Stuart>So we can't do both in Q4 without growing the team?

00:02:48.400 --> 00:02:55.000
<v Priya>Not at the pace we're at. We have one senior engineer on each track right now. If you want both accelerated, we need either a headcount add or something comes off the plate.

00:02:55.300 --> 00:03:02.000
<v Raza>Let's park the resourcing conversation for after the review. I don't want to make staffing decisions without the full picture across all five teams. Stuart, noted for the cross-team planning session.

00:03:02.300 --> 00:03:07.000
<v Stuart>Agreed. Let me switch topics. How are we doing on the Windows signing support? That was a customer ask from last quarter.

00:03:07.400 --> 00:03:16.000
<v Priya>Windows Authenticode signing is done. We shipped it in the August release. What we haven't done is driver signing — WHQL signing requires a completely different certificate chain and we haven't scoped that yet.

00:03:16.300 --> 00:03:22.000
<v Stuart>Who's asking for driver signing?

00:03:22.400 --> 00:03:28.000
<v Priya>Nobody on our current customer list, but one of the enterprise prospects in the sales pipeline — I think it's the automotive OEM — mentioned it in their evaluation criteria.

00:03:28.300 --> 00:03:33.000
<v Stuart>Okay. Let's not build for a prospect. If they close, we scope it. Fair?

00:03:33.400 --> 00:03:37.000
<v Priya>Completely fair. Just wanted it on the radar.

00:03:37.300 --> 00:03:44.000
<v Raza>What's our signing failure rate right now? I saw a spike two weeks ago in the oncall log and I want to understand if that's resolved.

00:03:44.400 --> 00:03:54.000
<v Dev>The spike was a certificate chain validation issue with one specific CA intermediary. We had a customer using a non-standard intermediate cert, and our validation was too strict. We relaxed the policy with a config flag and the failures dropped to zero within an hour.

00:03:54.300 --> 00:04:00.000
<v Raza>Config flag meaning customers can turn it on themselves, or we had to flip it for them?

00:04:00.400 --> 00:04:07.000
<v Dev>We flipped it server-side for that customer. We haven't exposed it as a user-configurable setting yet. There's a risk someone disables validation entirely if we're not careful with the UX.

00:04:07.300 --> 00:04:14.000
<v Raza>That needs to be a properly bounded setting with documentation and a warning. I don't want a footgun sitting in there with no guardrails.

00:04:14.400 --> 00:04:19.000
<v Dev>Agreed. We have a ticket for it. It's been sitting in the backlog for two sprints.

00:04:19.300 --> 00:04:25.000
<v Raza>Let's get that scheduled. Stuart, that's a security posture issue as much as a product issue. I'd like that in Q4 planning as a non-negotiable.

00:04:25.400 --> 00:04:30.000
<v Stuart>Noted. Let's put it in the must-do column. What's the customer satisfaction story looking like for Sign?

00:04:30.300 --> 00:04:40.000
<v Priya>CSAT has been trending up. We went from three point two to four point one on the last quarterly survey. The main complaints are still around documentation — people can't figure out the certificate policy configuration without help from support.

00:04:40.300 --> 00:04:46.000
<v Stuart>We've been hearing that from the CS team too. Is this a documentation problem or a UX problem?

00:04:46.400 --> 00:04:56.000
<v Priya>Honestly both. The certificate policy editor is exposing too much raw YAML. A more guided setup wizard would help. But the docs are also genuinely incomplete — especially around error messages. When signing fails, the error codes are cryptic.

00:04:56.300 --> 00:05:03.000
<v Stuart>If I could get you one designer for two sprints to work on the wizard, would that move the needle?

00:05:03.400 --> 00:05:09.000
<v Priya>Yes. A lot. We've had it in the design backlog but it keeps getting deprioritized because we don't have design capacity.

00:05:09.300 --> 00:05:15.000
<v Stuart>I'll talk to the design lead this week. Let's make that happen for Q4. Raza, any concerns there?

00:05:15.400 --> 00:05:20.000
<v Raza>No, I think that's the right call. Better UX reduces support load too. Anything else on the Q3 retrospective before we get into Q4 planning?

00:05:20.300 --> 00:05:28.000
<v Dev>One thing I want to flag — we've been carrying some significant technical debt in the signing orchestration layer. The job queue implementation is basically a fork of a three-year-old internal library that nobody owns anymore.

00:05:28.300 --> 00:05:33.000
<v Raza>What's the risk if we leave it?

00:05:33.400 --> 00:05:43.000
<v Dev>It's okay in normal conditions, but it doesn't handle partial failures well. If an HSM node goes down mid-batch, we've seen jobs get stuck in a limbo state. We had one incident like that in July. It took three hours to recover manually.

00:05:43.300 --> 00:05:49.000
<v Raza>Three hours of manual recovery is not acceptable for a signing service. That's in the critical path for every release pipeline.

00:05:49.400 --> 00:05:56.000
<v Dev>I know. We've been duct-taping it. The right fix is to migrate to the new job framework that the Infra team shipped last quarter.

00:05:56.300 --> 00:06:02.000
<v Raza>How long is the migration?

00:06:02.400 --> 00:06:09.000
<v Dev>Probably six to eight weeks if we do it carefully. We'd want to run both systems in parallel for a sprint before cutting over.

00:06:09.300 --> 00:06:15.000
<v Stuart>Is this customer-facing or purely internal?

00:06:15.400 --> 00:06:21.000
<v Dev>Purely internal. Customers wouldn't see anything different. But the reliability improvement would show up in our uptime numbers.

00:06:21.300 --> 00:06:27.000
<v Stuart>Then it's a quality investment and I support it. Raza, can we find room in Q4?

00:06:27.400 --> 00:06:33.000
<v Raza>I want to. It'll compete with the Sigstore work and the p999 fix. This is why we need the resourcing conversation.

00:06:33.300 --> 00:06:40.000
<v Priya>What if we do the migration as a parallel workstream with a more junior engineer ramping up? The senior work is on Sigstore and the design wizard.

00:06:40.300 --> 00:06:46.000
<v Raza>Priya, who's the junior engineer on your team right now who could own this?

00:06:46.400 --> 00:06:53.000
<v Priya>Marcus joined eight months ago. He's solid. He built the cert cache I mentioned earlier. He'd need some architectural guidance up front but he could run it.

00:06:53.300 --> 00:06:58.000
<v Raza>Okay. Let's put Marcus on the migration with you as technical sponsor. I'll check in at the midpoint.

00:06:58.400 --> 00:07:04.000
<v Priya>Works for me. Marcus, you good with that?

00:07:04.300 --> 00:07:08.000
<v Marcus>Yeah, happy to take it on. I'll need a kickoff session with the Infra team to understand the new job framework.

00:07:08.300 --> 00:07:13.000
<v Raza>I'll introduce you to Kenji on the Infra team. He built most of that framework.

00:07:13.400 --> 00:07:20.000
<v Stuart>Alright. Let's talk Q4 roadmap. Priya, what's the team proposing?

00:07:20.300 --> 00:07:32.000
<v Priya>We have four themes. One — finish key rotation to GA. Two — complete the Sigstore Rekor integration. Three — the certificate policy wizard with design. Four — the job queue migration. We're also carrying forward a few smaller customer requests, mostly around API ergonomics.

00:07:32.300 --> 00:07:38.000
<v Stuart>API ergonomics meaning what specifically?

00:07:38.400 --> 00:07:47.000
<v Priya>Three things customers have asked for: bulk signing endpoints, a signing status webhook instead of polling, and better error payloads — right now when signing fails we return a generic 500 with an internal error code that means nothing to the caller.

00:07:47.300 --> 00:07:53.000
<v Stuart>The webhook and better errors — those are table stakes honestly. Why haven't those shipped yet?

00:07:53.400 --> 00:08:01.000
<v Priya>The webhook system requires infrastructure that we don't own. We've been blocked on the platform team building the event bus. That's now unblocked as of last month.

00:08:01.300 --> 00:08:07.000
<v Stuart>Okay, so we can actually ship webhooks now?

00:08:07.400 --> 00:08:13.000
<v Priya>Yes. It's probably a three week effort to integrate with the event bus and wire up the webhook delivery.

00:08:13.300 --> 00:08:18.000
<v Stuart>That needs to move up the priority stack. Customers are polling us every five seconds for signing status. That's terrible.

00:08:18.400 --> 00:08:24.000
<v Raza>It's also terrible for our infrastructure. Every poll is a database read. What's the current polling volume?

00:08:24.300 --> 00:08:31.000
<v Dev>We're seeing about forty thousand status poll requests per hour during peak signing windows.

00:08:31.300 --> 00:08:37.000
<v Raza>Forty thousand reads per hour that could be zero with webhooks. That's an infrastructure cost story too.

00:08:37.400 --> 00:08:43.000
<v Stuart>Let's prioritize webhooks above the bulk signing endpoint. Priya, can you restack accordingly?

00:08:43.300 --> 00:08:48.000
<v Priya>Yes. Webhooks first, bulk signing second. I'll update the roadmap doc after this.

00:08:48.300 --> 00:08:54.000
<v Stuart>What's the story on certificate expiry notifications? I got a complaint last month from a customer who let a cert expire because they had no warning.

00:08:54.400 --> 00:09:04.000
<v Priya>We send an email notification thirty days out. The customer in question had an outdated notification email address in their account. It's a user error technically, but I agree the UX should be more resilient.

00:09:04.300 --> 00:09:11.000
<v Stuart>Can we surface expiry warnings inside the product UI? Not just email?

00:09:11.400 --> 00:09:18.000
<v Priya>Yes, that's something we've wanted to do. In-app banners for certs expiring within sixty, thirty, and seven days. It's not huge work — maybe a sprint.

00:09:18.300 --> 00:09:23.000
<v Stuart>Let's get that in. That's a churn prevention item.

00:09:23.400 --> 00:09:29.000
<v Raza>Agreed. Priya, add that to the must-do column in Q4. Is there anything on the security side we should be covering? Any outstanding vulnerabilities or audit findings?

00:09:29.300 --> 00:09:40.000
<v Priya>We had a penetration test in August. Two findings. One was a low severity — rate limiting on the signing API was too loose. We fixed that. Second was a medium — the HSM admin console was accessible from the internal network without MFA. That's being addressed by the Infra team.

00:09:40.300 --> 00:09:46.000
<v Raza>That second one — is there a timeline on resolution?

00:09:46.400 --> 00:09:52.000
<v Priya>Infra told us end of this month. I'd want to confirm with them directly.

00:09:52.300 --> 00:09:58.000
<v Raza>I'll follow up with the Infra team lead. I don't want that open going into Q4 planning.

00:09:58.400 --> 00:10:05.000
<v Stuart>On the competitive side — have we looked at what Notary v2 adoption is doing to our positioning? I've been seeing it come up in analyst briefings.

00:10:05.300 --> 00:10:16.000
<v Priya>We support Notary v2 for OCI artifact signing. That shipped in June. What we don't support yet is the Notation CLI integration — there's a customer segment that wants to drive signing from the CLI rather than the API.

00:10:16.300 --> 00:10:22.000
<v Stuart>How big is that segment?

00:10:22.400 --> 00:10:29.000
<v Priya>We've had six inbound requests for it this quarter. Small but it's growing. Mostly platform engineering teams who live in the terminal.

00:10:29.300 --> 00:10:35.000
<v Stuart>Six inbound requests feels like the tip of the iceberg for that persona. Let's add a Notation CLI discovery spike to Q4.

00:10:35.400 --> 00:10:40.000
<v Priya>Happy to scope that. One sprint to spike, two to build if we decide to proceed.

00:10:40.300 --> 00:10:47.000
<v Raza>Let's make sure the spike outputs a proper decision doc — build vs partner vs wait. I don't want to build CLI tooling if there's a better path.

00:10:47.400 --> 00:10:53.000
<v Priya>Agreed. We'll structure it that way.

00:10:53.300 --> 00:11:00.000
<v Stuart>Last topic before we wrap — how are we doing on docs and developer experience? Is there a plan to revamp the getting started guide?

00:11:00.400 --> 00:11:10.000
<v Priya>We've been working with the DevRel team on this. There's a new getting started tutorial in review right now. It walks through signing a container image end to end in about fifteen minutes. We're also adding interactive code samples to the API reference.

00:11:10.300 --> 00:11:16.000
<v Stuart>When does that ship?

00:11:16.400 --> 00:11:21.000
<v Priya>DevRel says end of next week for the tutorial. Code samples are a rolling effort.

00:11:21.300 --> 00:11:27.000
<v Stuart>Good. That'll help with the self-serve onboarding numbers we've been tracking.

00:11:27.400 --> 00:11:34.000
<v Raza>Alright. Let me do a quick summary of what I'm taking away. Key rotation ships as beta this quarter, GA in Q4 week two. Sigstore Rekor and the policy wizard are Q4 priorities. Webhooks move up above bulk signing. Job queue migration runs in parallel with Marcus owning it. HSM console MFA I'll follow up on with Infra. Any corrections?

00:11:34.300 --> 00:11:39.000
<v Priya>Add the cert expiry in-app warnings as a must-do. And the Notation CLI spike.

00:11:39.300 --> 00:11:43.000
<v Raza>Right, got both. Stuart, anything to add?

00:11:43.400 --> 00:11:49.000
<v Stuart>Just the design resource for the wizard — I'm going to lock that in with the design team today. Priya, expect a calendar invite for a kickoff.

00:11:49.300 --> 00:11:54.000
<v Priya>Perfect. Looking forward to it.

00:11:54.400 --> 00:12:00.000
<v Raza>Good session everyone. Let's reconvene in two weeks for a mid-sprint check in. Thanks team.

00:12:00.300 --> 00:12:04.000
<v Stuart>Thanks all. Good work this quarter.
